---
title: How to
date: 2018-06-21 12:35:00 Z
description: A simple overview on how to make the more common actions once you've
  installed Neige on your Jekyll website.
author: quentin
---

A simple overview on how to make the more common actions once you've installed Neige on your Jekyll website.

## Add new post

To create a new blog post, follow these steps:

1. Create a `.md` file in the `_posts` folder (example: `YYYY-MM-DD-post.md`).

2. Add the following properties in the YAML Front Matter:
      ```yml
      ---
      layout: post
      date: YYYY-MM-DD
      title: "Your post title"
      description: "Your post description"
      author: author
      ---
      ```

   > The `title` and `description` are used on the post but also for the meta tags. The `author` must be a existing author `id` in your `_config.yml` file.

3. Write with blog post content.

## Add new page

To create new static pages, follow these steps:

1. Create a `.md` file at the root of your project (example: `page.md`).

2. Add the following properties in the YAML Front Matter:
      ```yml
      ---
      layout: page
      title: "Your page title"
      description: "Your page description"
      ---
      ```

   > The `title` and `description` are used on the page but also for the meta tags.

3. Write the content of your page.

## Add meta tags

Meta tags for all kind of page (home, page, post and error) are already configured based on the content you're filling in `_config.yml` for the homepage and in the front-matter for the others.

If you wish to modify the behavior of already existing meta tags settings or to add new ones, head over the `head.html` partial in `_includes` folder.

## Edit error page

Simply edit the content of the `404.md` page.

## Update styles

All the `.scss` files are in the `_sass` folder arranged by components (header, pagination, footer...). They are called by the main stylesheet `/assets/css/style.scss`.

Feel free to modify styles the way you want (SASS variables are located in `_sass/vars.scss`).